Hey no no no
Sister, can't you leave?
I'm still sick, you can't go
You still have to heal with me, who wants to heal with you?
I can't wait to drown you right now wow
Why are you so cruel?
What did I do to you?
I have always respected you, my beloved senior sister.
Who made you love?
You took the mirror and said it again
Ah my favorite sister
I want to buy clothes for you.
After taking a shower, put it on. Hmm.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Why are you bleeding?
Did you fight the kidnappers?
Is my daughter alright?
It's okay. It's okay.
How is Mr. Gao?
Uh, I just got a little bit injured
Oh, oh, that's good, that's good.
How about this?
Stay for dinner today
You have protected Xiaoyu for so long
Auntie has been busy with Wang Fu's funeral
I never entertained you
OK
Hahaha
Now Jinhai is not peaceful
Liangfan, you have to protect my daughter 24 hours a day.
Ah, don't worry, old lady
This is my job as a bodyguard.
Hey Liao Fan
Are you married?
Mom Gao
What do you mean by that?
Liao Fan, he is my man haha
Mom Liao Fan, he is Chen Zhanwang's cloth prize
Talk about relationships.
He's still my father's comrade-in-arms
Don't ask that
It doesn't fit, it's not just right.